Terrorists, a nuke,
and a corrupt military unit
coming after us.
This is gonna be fun.
Pavel, you need me in there.
Twenty see you as a traitor.
They will kill you on sight.
Don't make me do this.
I don't even know
what I'm fighting for anymore.
You know what this is?
It's a remote transmitter.
What is it for?
Why have a bomb
if it won't go off?
It's counting down.
It's probably a good time
to tell ya that
if we get out of this alive,
I'm kinda done with this life.
If we shoot the bomb,
it will not detonate.
All right, fuck it,
let's shoot the bomb.
I'm here to help you.
You have chosen a side.
Whatever you're planning to do...
I'm willing to do
what needs to be done.
They think that Pavel
is trying to force
the West and Russia into a war
that neither side can avoid.
Russia's asking for our help?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I used to have this mate...
an American, Samuel Wyatt.
He was fond of saying people
are either grease or gravel.
Guys that make your life easier
or they slow it down.
So I'm wondering which one
are you?
How much did you pay for it?
Where's Pavel Kuragin?
I know you bought
a suitcase nuke off him,
and I know where
you've stashed it.
You don't know anything.
Okay.
Tekura Compound.
And right about now my team
are on their way there.
Isn't that where
your family are?
Your wife, your kid...
How old's your kid?
Nine, ten?
Tell me about Pavel,
and I'll make sure
they're protected.
Bravo Two, into position.
You know how it is
in those situations,
confusion, noise;
shoot first, ID later.
Ready on three.
- I know nothing.
- Want me to jog your memory?
Pavel Kuragin, Russian agent,
disavowed by his own country.
Two...
He's gone rogue,
he's on the run.
- Not ringing any bells?
- One...
Haven't seen him?
Breaching.
Go, go, go, go, go!
On me.
- Three.
- We can't.
Code nine!
That's your family in there,
mate.
Enemy Foxtrot in the house,
proceed.
Tango's down.
Chetri!
Doesn't sound good.
First floor clear.
Moving up.
Ten million.
We paid ten million
for the device.
Very good.
Now we've started.
Now tell me about Kuragin.
Bravos, you take point.
Ready to move up?
Moving.
Moving in.
Come on, Fahad,
that's your family in there.
You must be scared.
I'd hate for there to be
a mistake.
We didn't deal with Kuragin.
We dealt with a woman.
Natasha Petrenko,
we had surveillance on her.
Get down!
Get down.
Make it stop.
- Room clear.
- No.
Boss, package located.
We have the second nuke.
Did we get Pavel?
No, but we got a lead.
Well, it better be good.
I've been chasing shadows
for too long.
We need Pavel
and we need him now.
♪ I can't see
where you coming from ♪
♪ But I know just what
you runnin' from ♪
♪ And what matters
ain't the "who's baddest" ♪
♪ But the ones who stop you
falling from your ladder ♪
♪ Come on, feelin' like
you're feelin' now ♪
♪ And doin' things
just to please your crowd ♪
♪ When I love you like the way
I love you ♪
♪ And I suffer,
but I ain't gonna cut you ♪
♪ 'Cause this ain't no place
for no hero ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no better man ♪
for no hero to call home ♪
♪ Hey, yeah, son ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no hero ♪
for no better man ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no hero ♪
♪ To call home ♪
Hi, honey.
How was your run?
Yeah, good.
What time's your flight?
Flight is 1:30.
Two weeks, that's it.
Shenzen, Shanghai, then I'm home
with a nice fat paycheck
courtesy of
Mr. Caleb Montgomery.
And bringing back
an expensive gift
for your patient wife.
You know, most people
would say the gift of love
is more than enough.
They're wrong.
Okay, I love you.
- Love you, too.
- Bye.
- You know, maybe today...
- Mm-hmm.
You could be, say...
I don't know, 15 minutes late.
- 15 minutes?
- Yeah.
Aren't you the optimistic one?
Ten?
I'll take five.
Mm.
Aw, come on, don't leave me.
Look, I know it hasn't been
easy getting work, and...
Don't worry about me.
I'm good.
It's a nice, boring security job
for a tech company.
Not all the military stuff
and everything that
came along with it.
It's in the past, it's good.
Maybe I realized there's
more important things
than the saving the world.
- "Saving the world"?
- Yeah.
Well, you need help.
Bye.
Miss you.
Love you.
Good morning, asshole.
This is the person who
brokered the sale of the nuke
to the Tehrik-i-Taliban;
Natasha Petrenko, SVR Russian
Intelligence Officer.
Died three years ago
in a car crash, supposedly.
Looks pretty good for a corpse.
According to Alpha files,
she was taken off the grid,
worked as a deep cover
operative, currently disavowed.
Disavowed because...
- It's redacted.
- Wonderful.
How helpful.
Maybe after the Kingfisher
project was shuttered,
Moscow got nervous
and started closing down
other similar ops.
Seems like your lot has
a problem with
pissed off agents going rogue.
Well, they've made it
our problem now.
Kuragin's got ten million
in the bank,
hooking up with
another renegade operative.
Pavel's ramping up to something.
Something big if he wants
to start a war.
Unfortunately Moscow and London
have each decided
that 20 might not be up to this.
What?
They are aware we just recovered
the other suitcase nuke?
Yes, I know.
Well done, us.
But according to both sides,
Pavel is always one step ahead.
Which means we have
one last chance before
they pull the plug on
the joint op.
How long have we got to wrap up?
- Ten days.
- Bloody brilliant.
Facial recognition has
picked up Petrenko at
Saidu Sharif airport
eight hours ago.
We could find out where
she was going,
track her out the other side.
Very good.
As soon as we get
a destination, we move.
Captain Zarkova, a word.
Great.
Time to complain to the Russian
about the Russians.
Redacted files, really?
We need better intelligence
from our partners in Moscow.
We're actually
discussing work, okay.
Well, what did you think
we were doing?
Just that thing we said
we wouldn't do again
four or five times.
You know they're not going
to share
that level of information
with the West.
It's their rogue agent that
we're hunting.
And it's your people
who took all the credit
for securing the suitcase nuke.
Because we were the ones
to bring it in.
Yeah, not like I was there,
too, or anything...
risking my life.
And I suppose it was
always gonna be
a conflict of interest
sooner or later...
East versus West.
Yeah, I guess it was always
gonna get a little complicated.
Zero Alpha,
got a locale on Petrenko.
She's in Hong Kong.
Prepare to move out.
I swear she does that
on purpose.
Good work, kid.
I'm 27, but thank you.
It's a term of endearment.
We good?
You know, she nearly got
tagged in the raid.
This is fucked up.
I'm training her as fast
as I can, mate.
I know, but we need
the boots on the ground.
It was a lot easier
with Wyatt on my shoulder.
Yeah, it was,
but he made his choice.
Hmm.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, it is.
Here's what I can offer
your military:
Propriety satellite control
and monitoring systems.
It's expensive,
but there are times in life
when you wanna cut costs,
gentlemen.
This is not one of those times.
Soda, diet.
You wanna spar with me, bro?
Oh, I'm good, sir.
What, afraid I'll kick your ass?
Yeah, something like that.
Do you need security
this evening, sir?
Calendar says you have
a meeting.
Calendar's wrong.
Have the driver bring
the car around front.
You think everyone's an asshole.
Yeah, okay, that's true,
but this guy's...
he's in a class of his own.
And I swear
he's up to something.
"Up to something"?
You are just there to do
security, right?
Yeah, honey, of course.
You sound a lot like
the old Samuel Wyatt right now.
No, no, no, no, no,
just observing and reporting,
that's all.
Don't worry about me.
Hey, listen, I got to go.
I got to go do some timesheets
and shit.
All right, talk to you later.
Yeah.
Hey, you have a good day
at work, okay?
I love you.
Love you, too.
Surveillance cameras got
a hit on Natasha Petrenko.
Looks like we're on for
the Tshin Shan nightclub
in Kowloon.
I can hook into the CCTV system,
get eyes inside.
The rest of you head in,
find Petrenko,
find out why she's there,
and who she's meeting.
Are we thinking Pavel?
I can't see it,
not in a public place.
Well, he won't be far away.
It will be something.
She sells the nuke,
gets ten million,
heads straight for this place,
so...
So be careful,
and don't spook the horses.
Bravos, there's a VIP area
which is reserved
for one client.
I'm having issues with
the CCTV feed.
Seems to be some interference
coming from inside.
There's a wine-tasting lounge
downstairs,
surveillance junction box
in the far corner.
I'm on it.
Eyes on the familiar,
Artem Orlov,
former Black Sea marine.
VIP area located.
Orlov, 482nd Russian Marine
Battalion,
listed missing-in-action, 2015.
Another dead Russian
walking around.
Right, well, stay sharp.
Could be other hostiles
in the area.
Eyes on Echo One...
heading towards VIP area.
Keep your distance.
You don't wanna blow this.
Bravo One is attending to
the CCTV.
Let's get eyes on them first.
Copy that.
Come on, let's just get
our asses in there.
The Colonel has given us
an order, wait and watch.
Yeah, and how 'bout
you screwing him?
Is that orders as well?
You know, Russia covering
her bases.
You know, Russia
covering all her bases.
You have eyes, yes?
You have seen his cheekbones,
that tight little butt,
makes you want to s...
Yeah, yeah... oh.
Strong arms, really strong arms.
Okay, mate, I'm sorry I asked.
Not everything is work.
Unknown Tango, moving to engage.
All right,
turn around nice and slow.
Wyatt?
Mac?
What the hell
are you doing here?
I'm working.
You look good, man.
You look like you lost weight.
Thanks.
I like the...
Clean up.
So, what are you doing here?
I'm trying to hack into
the CCTV system.
You're tracking Petrenko
as well?
Petrenko?
No, no, no.
I'm on this asshole,
Caleb Montgomery.
I'm working for him.
Who's Montgomery?
You know, he's a tech guy.
You know, security,
satellite systems,
that kind of thing.
Tracked a few payments to him
from a Kingfisher shell company.
So I swung a job on
a security team.
Are you working for the CIA now?
No.
No, no, I'm self-employed.
It's kind of a hobby
more than anything.
Pavel shot me, Mac.
It still hurts when I piss.
I have to get him.
Zero, target could be
a Caleb Montgomery.
I've identified the sources of
the surveillance interference
and I'm fixing it.
Mind out, mate, duty calls.
I'm sorry, did you just refer
to me as interference?
You're fucking up our feed,
mate.
So what's your op,
this Petrenko guy?
Petrenko woman,
possible associate of Pavel.
Yours?
Yeah.
So wait, your target could be
meeting up with my target.
Could be.
Well, ain't that a small world.
Too bloody small.
We're fighting the same war,
Mac.
They say you should never mix
business and pleasure,
but that's never been
a problem of mine.
Ah, here.
What happened here?
What does it matter?
- It's called small talk.
- I don't do small talk.
Humor me.
I fell out of a tree as a child.
Well, that doesn't look like
the kind of scar you'd get
falling from a tree,
now does it?
Cheers.
Eyes on Echo.
Looks like some kind of deal
going down.
Observing only.
Let it play out.
Bravo One, moving out.
Where do you think you're going?
- Coming with you.
- No, you're not.
I'm sensing some tension, Mac.
Is this because I left without
saying good-bye?
No, it's because I'm working.
So stay back
and let me do my job.
We don't fit in...
always checking the room,
always a little on edge.
I can spot military a mile away.
No offense, mate, but there's
two of us and one of you.
Hmm.
You should have brought
more men.
Huh?
Boryenka here doesn't
understand English,
so I'm quite comfortable in
telling you he has
no redeeming social
or professional qualities
beyond being a... fucking thug.
Big Mac and his big mouth.
I'll get the big fella, then.
Do you have what I asked for?
Do you have the money?
Five million,
ready for transfer.
Well, five feels a little low.
I mean, what we're doing here
isn't exactly legal.
Make it eight.
What makes you think
I have that money?
Hell, you rented out
the whole VIP section,
so let's call it a hunch.
Bet you wish you'd indulged me
in some fucking small talk now,
huh?
You were advanced one million
on an understanding...
You just got to shake out
the other seven.
But if you're not interested,
I can go.
No, I'm interested.
You wanna give me a hand?
Just like old times.
Prick.
Oh, you son of a bitch.
It's a deal, then.
You know, and you're right.
This scar was not from a tree.
Deal's gone wrong, move in,
grab the principles.
Go, go, go.
I am two inches from
your femoral artery...
Pl... please.
Please.
Transfer the software we need.
Okay.
Okay, okay... look, look, look.
It's doing it.
Look, look, look.
It's just... pl... ow, please!
Please!
Got Echo.
Getting target.
Wha...?
Fucking stabbed me.
You'll live.
Up.
Move.
Bravo Two, sit-rep.
We have the asset,
moving to exfil.
Wyatt?
Hey, short stuff.
Dickhead.
- Take 'em out the back.
- Copy.
Hey, boss, how you doing?
What the hell are you
doing here?
Come on, move.
Everybody get down!
Shit!
Oh, shit.
Get down!
Bravo, sit-rep.
Pavel set off an IED.
I've lost eyes on Echo One.
Emergency services,
police inbound.
We have the target.
Alpha and Echo are gone.
Move the target out to
the RV point.
Boss, we've got
injured civilians.
We cannot be caught here.
Move out.
We're on our way.
Let's go.
Novin, let's go.
I was stabbed in
the fucking leg, man.
You said you would take me
to the hospital.
Yeah, we will,
just as soon as you answer
a few more questions.
You know what?
You're done.
I'm gonna make sure
you never work again.
What'd you sell the Russians?
They're rogue agents, you know?
What, you think I'm scared
of you
and Sergeant Burnout here?
This guy comes to me,
begging for a job.
Actually felt sorry for him.
Ex-military, couldn't hack it
in the real world.
Hey.
You don't get to talk
about him like that.
Not now, not ever.
Besides, it's not actually us
you have to worry about.
It's everybody else, asshole.
Hong Kong authorities,
British and American
Intelligence agencies,
Securities and Exchange
Commission,
not to mention the Russians.
What is it your lot want to do?
Just to take him to the enhanced
interrogation center in Siberia.
Yeah, I definitely wouldn't
recommend that one.
You see, we're the easy way,
Mr. Montgomery.
Where are they going?
All I know is it's some
off-books Russian
satellite station.
Artem, you're late.
No Russian.
You were supposed to
protect her exfil.
I was.
I was dealing with
British military.
A lifetime of wet work,
assassination,
Odessa, Kiev,
the Black Sea massacre...
I knew you would find
your way out,
because you are
very good at your job.
We were all good at our jobs,
before a regime that
forced us to give up everything,
betrayed us anyway,
cast us aside.
First you abandon me
and now you're giving me
a fucking speech?
Artem, you ready?
Then we better get moving.
Just remember, we're working
with you, not for you.
Uh-uh.
Put it down.
On your knees!
Move.
I said move.
Move, move!
Move!
Get your fucking hands up.
Satellite control systems.
Eyes down.
Okay, let's go.
Look at the fucking floor.
Uploading the worm
from Mr. Montgomery.
Now we find out if it works
or if we've all just wasted
our time.
Artem, give her room.
They wanted malware to crack
the control systems
I had installed.
They're looking to gain access
to a ghost satellite,
Designation Sobaka.
What's so important about
this satellite?
Ask your own people.
All I know is,
these rogue agents of yours,
they plan to bring it
crashing down to earth.
We need the frequency of
the satellite signal.
You can't link up with it here.
That's why they need access
to the facility.
Plug right into the hardware...
We don't need to plug in.
Listen, I'm sure you're just
fucking peachy
and everyone just loves you,
but this shit is my...
We just need to interrupt
their signal.
I mean, that could work.
Yeah.
- We're hooked in.
- How long?
30 minutes.
Please, let the others go.
What do you think we're planning
to do with you all?
We're not animals.
We're patriots.
Well?
I spoke to General Pokrovsky
about the satellite...
And?
Did he say what it was?
Or why Kuragin's so interested
in it?
My superiors either don't know
or they don't wish to share
that information with the West.
Very well.
It's just a boring investment
conference, that's it.
Oh... oh.
Okay, okay.
All right, well,
I'll speak to you then.
Yeah, you too.
Bye.
"Investment conference"?
Madison.
She took you back, then?
With conditions.
What conditions?
Like, I promised that
I'd leave all this shit behind.
Don't take this
the wrong way, mate,
but you're an idiot.
Satellite link frequency
obtained.
Copy that.
Chetri's got something.
Target interference.
Bring the satellite down.
It will be off trajectory
two, three hundred kilometers.
And if we wait,
we could lose the connection.
Just do it.
Satellite's falling,
two hours till impact.
It'll land somewhere in
north Philippines.
I'll get a closer fix
on it soon.
Right, well,
if we move fast enough,
we might be able to get to it
before Pavel.
All right, sounds like a plan.
Boss.
Can we leave Wyatt out of this?
Uh, excuse me?
Technically, you are a civilian.
Technically, I'm also awesome.
We're up against
highly trained Russian
ex-military operatives.
I think Mr. Wyatt's skill set
will come in handy.
Thank you.
At least somebody's happy
to see me.
That's not what I said.
Come on.
Corporal.
Yes, sir.
You're going to the Philippines?
Wha... aren't you taking me
to the hospital?
Not quite, mate.
Hey, what are you doing?
Well, like the boss said,
there's some people
who wanna talk to ya.
Wait.
Which people?
What, the cops?
The SEC?
You'll find out soon enough.
Russia?
Hey, Wyatt, bro, come on.
Look, how does
a big, fat raise sound?
Huh?
I wouldn't know.
You fired me.
Wyatt...
Please!
I have the landing coordinates.
We're done here.
Pavel... they work for Russia.
Yes, they do.
You put down your weapon before.
You told me to.
Yes, but you had a job to do,
to protect the secrets of
Russia from people like us,
but you just rolled over.
You gave up.
You are what is wrong
with our nation.
We have become cowards.
We used to be bold,
but now we only hide
behind computers...
Poking the West,
retreating and denying
when we are discovered.
Pavel...
At least the Americans have
the decency
to bomb their enemies,
then build shopping malls
and fast food restaurants
on the rubble.
Just got a fix on
the satellite trajectory.
And?
And it's coming in hard,
off-course.
Due to land ten miles outside
of Marawi,
by a small shantytown called
Santa Diwa.
That's an ISIL stronghold.
It's basically crashing down
into the middle of a warzone.
Hey.
Bravos, our satellite
imagery confirms that
a package was removed from
the crash site
and taken to an ISIL safe house.
Vehicle entering Santa Diwa
two clicks north
of your location.
ID on Pavel Kuragin
with multiple local Tangos.
Get that package before
Kuragin does.
Copy that.
Multiple Tangos
in your area, stay frosty.
Man, I've missed this.
Moving.
I should be part of
the recovery squad.
If whatever was taken from
that satellite is so important
to the Russians
that they won't tell us,
then I'd rather my team
fetch it without
a Russian Captain looking
over our shoulder.
Of course.
'Cause that's all I am
to this team, "the Russian."
Just stay focused.
You're still on this job.
Eyes on target location.
Go to the door.
Clear.
Package secured.
Head to the RV point.
Wait.
What have we got?
Mission's to grab it,
not open it.
They took down a bloody
satellite for it.
You don't wanna have
a sneaky peek?
Yeah, all right.
The hell are they?
Missile launch keys.
Pavel traded a nuke
for missiles?
It doesn't make sense.
Yeah,
what bothers me more is why
you'd keep the keys
on a satellite.
Since the '50s there's been
rumors that both
Russia and the West have been
storing sensitive data
and other shit up there
for safekeeping.
So whatever those are...
- Bad news?
- Very bad news.
Your people have something
that I want.
You bring it to me,
and you can name your price.
The price will be high.
It usually is.
Bravo, multiple Tangos
headed your way.
Oh, great.
Let's go.
Spreading out, searching.
We'll need to move to
emergency RV point.
Move.
Be careful, the whole
downtown's looking for you.
Go, Wyatt.
Moving.
Move, move.
Right, Bravo Two, check right
for exfil, we'll check left.
- Copy.
- Moving.
Tangos prepping,
my route's blocked.
Weapon down.
Don't do it.
Ah!
Fuck's sake, Mac!
All right, possible exfil
this way.
Hey, look, go back inside.
Go back inside.
No, no, no!
- Shit, move, move!
- Moving!
Fuck!
Got your back.
You okay?
- Changing.
- Move.
Move!
Yeah.
Move.
Go, go, go.
- Go left.
- Check it.
Copy.
Get back, get back.
Fuck!
Oh, fuck.
Shit.
Stay down.
Clear!
Let's go, mate.
Go, go, go.
Wyatt, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
arm got tagged.
Let's have a look, mate.
Oh, nice one.
Yeah, I'm not exactly sure
how to explain
this one back home.
Hey, keep the chat
to a minimum, yeah?
It's not what you think.
He was so proud of you,
you know?
That you'd got out,
got a job, a real life.
You coming back,
it kind of broke his heart.
All right,
we're going out the back.
Finish patching him up
and get ready to move.
Shit.
Tangos incoming!
Move!
Go!
Go, go, go!
- Wyatt.
- Yeah?
- Mac.
- Move!
- One sec.
Moving!
I'm after you.
Changing!
Grenade!
Move!
- Move!
Oh, fuck!
No!
Changing!
Move!
Moving!
Boss!
Go, exfil.
Is that your vehicle, Wyatt?
Come out!
- No!
- Cover!
Move it!
Go, go, go!
Go!
Behind me!
- Boss, let's go.
- Just go.
Meet me at the ERV.
Copy.
- Get in, Mac.
- Move, move, move.
Pick me up, due east,
two minutes.
♪ I can't see
where you coming from ♪
♪ But I know just what
you runnin' from ♪
♪ And what matters
ain't the "who's baddest" ♪
♪ But the ones who stop you
falling from your ladder ♪
♪ 'Cause this ain't no place
for no hero ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no better man ♪
for no hero to call home ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org